She had a heart attack.
They did an angioplasty.
-Will she live?
-She'll be fine.
Kino's not my flesh and blood.
Well. I didn't agree
to work with your son.
-He is a mistake.
-I will not apologize for him.
Rob-Will killed Wes Ayers.
-That's a murder weapon.
-Your family's crazier
than a sack of cats
in a rainstorm.
They're no longer my family.
You don't get handed
anything in life.
You got to work for it.
When you're given a chance
to make your life better.
you fucking grab it.
Carter. I've lost more
than I've won in this life.
We don't get to choose the pain.
but we get to choose
how we build from it.
I got two people
who think they're saviors
'cause they took in an orphan.
Guess what? You ain't
the only orphan in this family.
Ain't the only asshole. either.
I've broken a lot
of things in my life.
I don't want to break him.
Hate to waste a shot at love
just 'cause
I'm so damn stubborn.
If I'd known that a heart attack
would change your mind.
I'd have had one sooner.
Can I fucking trust Rip?
With your life.
10-Petal's got an operation
down in Mexico
that steals and smuggles
cattle in illegally.
They ain't ranchers.
Those motherfuckers are thieves.
When's the next load?
Two days.
Cows for mules?
I'm about to find out. honey.
Shit. we're gonna have
to call Everett.
Yeah. I don't know what
the fuck we're gonna tell him.
Ruh-roh.
The hell y'all think
you're doing?
What don't you ask your mama?
Just a little
cattle repo. buddy.
Oh. I don't think your service
is required here at the moment.
You running
your mouth again. boy?
Nah. get off my property.
Beulah hired me.
She can fire me.
Oh. so can I.
You and your little bitch.
We can do this the easy way
or we can do it the hard way.
You done?
Stay down. man.
Or don't.
You running drugs?
I'd rather die
than tell you shit.
Well. if we find
what we think we're gonna find.
you're already a dead man.
Austin. go and lay low.
you understand?
Yes. sir.
-Let's start cutting out. 176.
-176!
-Thank you.
-295.
Fifty-eight.
And 822.
Cattle arrived?
Your assets
just pinched our shipment.
-We're fucked.
-They'll have to find it first.
-Amen.
Ahora. Oh...
Por ahí.
Ahí está.
Corren.
Okay.
You still feeling okay?
I'm good. I'm good.
-I'm almost back to normal.
-Okay.
I'm going to work.
I'll see you this afternoon.
Well. I'll keep myself
busy somehow.
I'm glad you're here. B.
Me. too.
Have a good day.
Mother.
Have you spoken to your brother?
I wouldn't say we're on
speaking terms right now.
Kino. I need you to call him.
We have a problem.
Kino.
I have a meeting to get to.
I'm sure Rob-Will
can figure it out.
No... Kino.
Miguel. I need you
to come get me right now.
-Hey.
She looks all right to me.
Yeah. she's not the problem.
Ain't nothing wrong
just looking at them.
What about that spay scar?
Yeah. a lot of cattle coming
across the border are spayed.
It cuts down on USDA paperwork.
Those sutures there.
they look fresh.
You got anything
to base this on. other than
notes scribbled in a logbook?
Instinct.
Let's run 'em through the chute.
-I'll get my shit.
-All right.
Come on. girls.
That Lidocaine
should be working now.
I hope to God. for all our
sakes. your instinct is wrong.
What the hell is that?
Meth. maybe? Fentanyl.
Package that small. it's the
only thing that makes sense.
And another one in there.
-When did they come in?
-This morning.
Well. I'll stitch her up
and I'll get
to the rest of them.
You know. one of them bags
break open. they're dead.
Azul. Zachariah.
take that shit up to the barn.
will you?
Ev? Where you going?
I got some questions
need answers.
We all do.
Keep your phone on. will you?
Yeah. will do.
Beulah can wait.
Mm-hmm.
We don't know what the hell
we're dealing with here.
I need to know
that Carter's okay.
Yeah.
I don't like having
this shit here.
I got to figure out
what the fuck to do with it.
Find our boy.
I love you.
Carter. it's me.
Look. I know you're pissed.
but there's some shit
going down here
and I need you to come home.
Call me back. okay?
Oh.
Uh...
Where you going?
Oh.
Something came up
at the ranch and...
-Miguel's coming to get me.
-What the fuck's going on.
Beulah?
-Excuse me?
-I was just at the Dutton Ranch
tending to some of your cows.
Oh. Uh-huh.
Anything you want to tell me?
-Well. I-I don't know...
-Goddamn it.
Do not lie to me.
Kino.
Señor.
Te ves bien. mijo.
I'm sorry
I had to call you. Uh...
-Beulah...
-Come. Let's go inside.
When did she make
the announcement?
Anniversary party.
four nights ago. and then
-she collapsed to the ground.
-Heart attack?
That's what they said.
Those parties
were never celebrations.
They were tests.
Her father liked to test her
in front of other people.
Hell. He liked to test me. too.
She said it was
some legacy bullshit.
'cause Rob-Will's her blood.
her son.
-And I am not. I...
-Rob-Will
has always been a liability.
Yeah. well.
he's not our only problem.
She's brought strangers
to our doorstep.
Then why didn't
you call me sooner?
'Cause I had it under control.
No. if you had it under control.
I'd still be in México. cabrón.
Tell me everything you know.
-Hey.
-Is your grandmother home?
-No.
-No?
She's probably down
at the plant.
You seen Carter?
-No.
-Don't hold out on me. Oreana.
I need to know where he is.
Honestly. Beth. I'd tell you.
I haven't seen him
in a couple days.
All right.
Well. if he reaches out.
can you call me?
Course.
Are you okay?
You sure?
Yeah.
If you need me for anything.
I'm here.
Mariano. my daddy's ranch man.
What about him?
Well. he helped me
back in the day.
Do what?
He helped me get rid of a body.
What the fuck are you
talking about. Beulah?
Okay.
Everett?
You're gonna have
to give me a second.
All right.
I'll give you a second.
I'm just gonna tell you
the whole damn thing.
One ni... one night.
I went out to Billy Bob's
and I met a guy when I was 16.
Mariano was supposed
to be looking after me.
He was. uh. like a big brother.
Anyway. I slipped his leash
and went off home with this guy.
And. uh. as my daddy would say.
I got myself raped.
He raped me. Everett.
When I found out I was pregnant.
I asked Mariano to take me
to this man's trailer.
and I killed him.
I shot him dead.
Jesus Christ.
This is Rob-Will's father?
That's right.
Does Rob-Will know?
No.
My daddy finds out about
the whole thing. blames Mariano.
Mariano was so fucking scared.
My daddy forces him
to make a deal:
he takes the heat.
disappears to Mexico.
we take care of baby Joaquin.
in the short term.
Anyway. something went down
when they got to the border.
and. uh. Mariano's wife.
Joaquin's mother. was killed.
What's all this have to do
with drugs in your cows?
Well. there must be
something you can do.
I'm afraid there's not.
A cell phone battery
lasts a day. tops.
He's been gone two.
but when I call it. it rings.
So he must be
charging it somewhere. right?
Right.
Well. you're a cop.
Can't you get a location ping
or something?
I need a court order for that.
Or a subpoena.
and at that point.
I'd still need to prove that
his life was in danger.
Well. what if it is?
Is it?
Look. Handy. he is my son.
and I just want
to make sure he's okay.
Uh. darling...
Carter's 19 years old.
He's not a kid anymore.
They leave home.
It happens all the time.
I'm sorry.
Call me if you need anything.
Thanks for nothing.
3.5 kilos.
How much money we talking about?
Street value?
I'd guess around
two million bucks.
My old cellmate was a dealer.
That's a lot of money.
It's too much.
Someone's gonna come
looking for that shit.
Mm-hmm.
Boys. I ain't asking you
this time. I'm telling you.
You ought to get the fuck
out of here while you can.
I ain't going nowhere.
You stepped in front of a bullet
for me. I'd do the same for you.
Plus. somebody's got to look
after this motherfucker.
You find him?
-No.
-Shit.
-The cows?
-Yeah. we're looking at about
$2 million dollars in fentanyl.
Where are you?
-I said Beulah can wait.
-Yeah.
She's waited long enough.
Fellas. put that shit
in the hayloft.
And then you go check
those trail cameras
to make sure they're on line.
Yes. sir.
When the drought hit.
we were about
to lose everything.
The land. the cattle. the name.
And Kino brought me
an option from Mariano.
He said it was temporary.
just something
to keep the lights on
till the rains came back.
and I... I made
a terrible mistake.
And that was
almost 15 years ago.
So. you've been running drugs
for 15 years?
Yes.
-And who knows about this?
-Well. Rob-Will. Joaquin.
-Miguel. Tommy.
-And what about Beth and Rip?
Truth. okay.
I've been looking for a way out
for a long time.
Just to step away.
let the boys take over. but...
neither of them
is really built for it.
And then Beth and Rip show up.
So. you're using them.
Maybe.
W-What?
There's no "maybe" about it.
If they'd known
you had been running drugs.
they'd have had nothing
to do with you.
-Oh. come on. Everett.
-What...
You really think
they're completely clean?
What are you talking about?
You're putting their lives
at risk.
Putting them in charge
of a drug smuggling operation?
-They don't know anything.
-Yeah. they sure as fuck do now.
What do you expect me
to do with this. B?
I mean. you were gonna
fucking run off with me.
What were you gonna do?
Just lie to me
the rest of our lives?
I'm sorry.
I was trying to protect you.
Oh. bullshit.
You weren't protecting me.
you were protecting yourself.
You lied to me.
you lied to your son.
you lied to Beth and Rip.
You need to go.
Now.
The fuck are you doing?
Nothing.
You okay?
Top of the fucking world.
-You?
-I'm okay.
Thought you might be here.
That predictable. huh?
Can't even run away properly.
Nothing about us
is predictable. Carter.
Got anything to drink?
Hello. Beulah.
It's been a long time.
Mariano?
Shall we go inside?
I believe we have
some things to discuss.
Bueno.
I must say. Beulah.
this is impressive.
You've built a kingdom
in a country that hates kings.
And yet. you cross the river
to pay your respects.
Hmm?
Your father
would be proud of this.
I was sorry
to hear about your health.
Mm.
This business...
it's not for the weak of heart.
Well. then let me be done.
I've paid my debt back.
-Hmm?
-Kino tells me
that you've placed
Rob-Will in charge.
Well. he's my son. Mariano.
And I did it to protect him.
Uh. to protect both of them.
You promised you would raise
Kino as your own.
And now you chose
blood over competence.
Now. I kept my word.
I raised your son.
You raised him soft.
Both of them.
Yeah. Well. I won't argue that.
And now you've brought strangers
into our house.
I hired ranchers to run a ranch.
To keep the bankers
and the badges off our backs.
They know nothing
about our arrangement.
they know nothing about you.
They were not an error
in judgment. Mariano.
And this was never your house.
You've hired wolves. Beulah.
Wolves don't care
whose hand feeds them.
You will reinstate Kino.
publicly.
And you'll send
your strangers packing.
Or I will.
-Yeah?
-Did you know Mariano
is in town?
He just came to see me.
-He know about the cows?
-He doesn't seem to. Not yet.
-I'll take care of it.
-No.
You will just stand down
and do nothing.
Do you hear me?
Yes. Mother.
How'd it go with Beulah?
Beulah will come to her senses.
And if she doesn't?
Kino.
No.
Control is the result.
Power is anticipation.
The horse that leads a herd
is not the biggest.
It's not the strongest.
It's the one that doesn't wait.
And you have been standing
at fences your entire life.
Yes?
My mother tells me
you're in the neighborhood.
Hello. Rob-Will.
Did she tell you
about the ambush
at the ranch this morning?
Landmark Motel.
off the junction of 35.
Sorry for being a dick.
Which time you talking about?
All right.
At the party.
To be honest. I kind of liked
seeing that side of you.
Until you literally gave
my grandmother a heart attack.
Sh... she okay?
She's tough.
Where do you think
I get it from?
Uh. you know. if you want to
stay and have something to eat.
I got Dwight's smoker working.
I'll stay...
if you give Beth a call.
She send you to find me?
-No.
-Is that why you're here?
-You're an awful liar. Oreana.
Listen to me.
I came to see you.
Beth did come by the ranch.
and she looked stressed out.
Sounded like some shit
was going down at your place.
She's worried about you.
Just give her a call.
-Carter?
-Hey.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Where are you?
-Doesn't matter.
-Uh. it kind of does.
No. it doesn't.
Will you please come home?
Carter?
Oh. fuck.
-Is she here?
-Who would that be?
Hey. you can't go back there.
Watch me.
-Open the door.
-I can't. I'm not authorized.
I need you to open the door.
I don't have time for this.
You can't do this.
Suck a dick. Denise.
Excuse me. Ms. Dutton.
I'm gonna have
to ask you to leave.
-Where's the beef. Tommy?
-You need to leave. Now.
Where is she?
I said you need to leave.
And I said.
where the fuck is she?
Oh.
You're gonna regret that.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
-Hey. baby.
-Sweetheart.
Carter called me.
-Is he okay?
-He said so.
And?
-He's not coming home.
-Shit.
We need to find him.
-Zach?
-Beulah just showed up.
Thanks.
-See you at home?
-Yeah.
Hey. you've reached Carter.
Leave a message.
Carter. call me
when you get this.
You got some nerve coming here.
Easy. Beth.
Not your fight. Zach.
Beulah?
Go on in the house.
Azul. go on and get the drugs.
start loading her car up.
Yes. sir.
What the fuck
have you gotten us into?
I'm good. thanks.
All right. more for me.
This place is insane.
Hey. look at this.
I hate Rio Paloma.
It's a shithole.
No one wants to be here.
but no one ever seems to leave.
Oh. we could.
What?
We could leave.
Why not?
Let's just get
in the fucking car and drive.
Two tears in a bucket...
Motherfuck it.
Hey. where you going?
To pack my shit.
Let's go tonight.
Are we serious about this?
I'm so fucking serious.
Don't leave without me.
Never.
Be ready.
You. of all people.
should know what it means
to protect what's yours.
I wanted out.
I have been trying
to get out for years.
-You brought me a plan.
-Can I be frank. Beulah?
I wouldn't expect anything else.
Did you think
we wouldn't find out?
Huh? You're filling cattle
with fentanyl
and dragging them
across the border?
Are you out
of your fucking mind?
I thought I could get out
without you knowing.
-Oh.
-I was trying to fix a problem.
By getting into bed
with the cartel?
I mean. all that history.
all that legacy that you were
so fucking desperate to protect.
You lied to me.
You brought us in
to fix a business
that doesn't exist.
Wait a minute.
if I remember correctly.
and I think that I do.
you came to me
looking for work. both of you.
Hat in hand.
I mean. you had nothing.
You used us.
-Oh. bullshit.
-It was a mistake.
You were in a hole.
and so was I.
You two aren't exactly saints.
Now. you've got something
that belongs to me.
something that you do not want
to hang on to.
And I need it before Mariano
finds out that it's missing.
Beulah.
Did you know that Rob-Will
buried a body on our property?
No. I had no fucking idea.
But right now
I am trying to protect you.
and I cannot do that
until I get the drugs back.
They're already
in your fucking car.
Get out of my house.
Come on.
How did they know
which cattle to cut?
They had the tally book.
I assume
this is how they got it.
Where were Miguel and Tommy?
I don't fucking know.
but they weren't there.
Load showed up early. Beth
and Rip were already waiting.
And the other men
just let them take it?
You should have never
let this happen.
You wouldn't know it happened
-if it weren't for me.
-I told her
-you could not be trusted.
-Oh. and now you're sitting
in a shithole motel
crying to Daddy
-'cause Mommy loves me more.
-And yet here you are.
-Does Mommy know you're here?
-That's enough!
Where are they now?
-Yeah.
-Could I speak
to Rip Wheeler?
Who the fuck is this?
This is Mariano Reyes.
-You're talking to him.
-You have something
that belongs to me.
Yeah. we don't have it
and we don't want it.
You have no idea
who you're fucking dealing with.
and I know where to find you.
I'm not coming for the cattle.
Mr. Wheeler.
I'm coming for their thieves.
Where is this ranch?
Off the 42.
I can take you.
No. my men can handle it.
You've done enough.
Go home. say nothing.
You just let me know
how I can help.
I'm happy to be of service.
See you round. brother.
Gato.
And me?
I want you to kill your brother.
♪ I'm lookin' for shelter ♪
♪ Tryin' to stay clear ♪
♪ Of the helter-skelter ♪
♪ Black flags ♪
♪ Flyin' in the air ♪
♪ Follow me around ♪
♪ And the Queen's Navy
gonna settle me down ♪
♪ When that black flag
and me go ♪
♪ In the ground ♪
I ain't here.
Leave a message.
Rob-Will.
call me back immediately.
Hey. you've reached Carter.
Leave a message.
Rip.
I need to go look for him.
I have to try.
Honey.
I want you to take Azul's truck.
If they have your phone.
then they got
your license plate.
I love you.
Be careful.
Azul. your truck?
Keys are in it.
It's Everett. It's Everett.
Well. it looks like y'all
are expecting company.
Well. you're just in time.
You're gonna want this.
Thought I'd seen
my last firefight some time ago.
I guess I was wrong.
Let me get you
up to speed. Everett.
-Yeah. all right.
-Come on.
-Hey. guys.
-Evening. Everett.
Someone's here.
Mistress pasture.
-Which sensor?
-Camera six.
They're heading north.
-How many did you see?
-Four or five.
-All right. You good. Everett?
-Yeah. been waiting
for something honest all week.
Let's go.
♪ Asked if I was holding.
I can't lie ♪
♪ We started kissing
when she started twitching ♪
♪ Foaming at the mouth.
and I don't know why ♪
♪ Brother.
please remind me of a time ♪
♪ We didn't have to think
about dying so young ♪
♪ Another reason
and new excuses ♪
♪ To make more mistakes
and take too much ♪
Hey. sorry.
Have you seen this guy?
Nah.
Sure?
Thanks.
Hi. Sorry.
Have you seen this kid?
-Do you know him?
-No.
♪ I'll keep digging
to find my way out... ♪
-Hey.
-It's done.
Okay.
♪ We didn't have to think
about dying so young ♪
♪ Another reason
and new excuses ♪
♪ To make more ♪
Call Rob-Will.
All right. Zach.
Here you go.
-Ready? One. two...
-Yeah.
I can't find him.
I don't know where he is.
We should move.
We'll be back
in a little bit. okay?
Everett.
Beth. you okay?
Yep.
Can I come in?
It's me.
What the fuck?
Don't ask.
Okay.
You plan on coming back?
Wasn't aware I needed a plan.
Where you headed?
Destination unknown.
I can't say I blame you.
-You can't?
-Oh. this place just eats
what it loves
and keeps the bones.
Why are you still here. then?
Well. somebody's got to stand
in the doorway
when the wolves show up.
Listen. I-I know
I haven't been much of a father.
Hmm?
And I keep thinking
I'm gonna have the time
to fix that. but...
uh. truth is. um.
time don't fix a damn thing.
It just buries what's broken.
You are the only thing
in this house
that ain't crooked.
Only thing I ever did right.
I love you. baby girl.
I love you more
than this place will ever love
either of us back.
Give me a second.
-Daddy?
-Yeah.
Is everything okay?
Everything's fine. baby.
No!
No.
Please don't. please.
Wake up.
Wake up. please.
♪ Dark. tense music ♪
Ready?
Let's go.
Think that should do it.
Beth.
You want a smoke?
No. thank you.
You ever get that feeling...
right here that the world
is gonna open up and swallow
everything that you love?
-Once.
-I've had it
so many times. I've lost count.
And?
I was right every time.
Azul.
Tell him this is
his opportunity to talk.
Esta es tu oportunidad
para hablar.
Who is Mariano Reyes?
¿Quién es Mariano Reyes?
Where is he from in Mexico?
¿De qué parte de México es?
Now ask him if he likes to live.
Te está preguntando
si quieres vivir.
Mi Alma está protegida
de la Santa Muerte.
He says his soul's protected
by the Santa Muerte.
the saint of death.
Vamos.
When?
You said you knew
this feeling once. When?
I had a son.
He was 14.
And I guess he just wasn't
made for this world.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah. So am I.
Hello?
Beth Dutton.
I have your boy.
El Padrino.
What the fuck's that mean?
Says Mariano's his godfather.
He made a pact
with God to protect him.
Rip! Rip!
They have him.
They have Carter.
They don't want Carter.
They want us.
Then they're gonna
fucking get us.